- **General**
  - Support Forge and Neoforge mod loaders for minecraft versions 1.20.5 and 1.21.1-1.21.4.
    - 1.20.1-1.20.4 may come later if I can get them to work properly..
- **World layout changes**
  - Continents are generally larger with less ocean between them.
  - Continent shapes have been tweaked and distorted using domain warp.
  - Mountain chains and eroded areas now have "influence" on each other, leading to large valleys, steep mountains and other variations.
  - Tweaks to rivers, peaks/valleys, weirdness (areas with special biomes).
  - Slightly smaller temperature zones.
  - Larger humidity zones with higher bias towards "transition biomes" like birch forests.
  - Made mushroom islands a bit less blob-shaped, other than that they are mostly the same.
- **Terrain shape changes**
  - Overhaul of base terrain height. Highlands and mountains have much more height variation while flatlands are much flatter with only small gentle hills. Eroded zones also generally have more hills and flatter swamps.
  - Lakes can sometimes have little islands in them 🏝️
  - Found a new interesting way create small-scale terrian distortion, replacing the beta-like "old blended noise" aka "windswept effect" entirely. The method is based on domain warping and keeps flat terrain almost untouched while heavily improving the look of cliffs and other steepness.
  - Much smoother terrain with no terracing effect, at the cost of artifacts at chunk borders.
  - River tunnels are now a rare find, instead most rivers will carve steep saddle valleys in mountainous areas.
- **Cave overhaul**
  - The long, huge spaghetti caves have been removed entirely.
  - Heavily increased the amount of classic carver caves as well as how much they are allowed to branch out, creating extremely labyrinthian cave networks.
  - Cheese caves can no longer breach the surface, but can often be found by exploring carver caves.
  - Carver caves can no longer dig though surface blocks like dirt, grass, sand and gravel, meaning they don't create nearly as many holes in the surface. You can still find them by digging past the dirt layer or by looking for exposed stone or terracotta.
  - Added a new rare type of chasm-like cave that can breach the surface and sometimes goes very, very deep underground.
  - Generally fewer flooded caves around rivers and oceans.
